wp-env: Add phpMyAdmin and multisite support to the documentation (#68125)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/README.md

| `"port"`           | `integer`      | `8888` (`8889` for the tests instance) | The primary port number to use for the installation. You'll access the instance through the port: 'http://localhost:8888'.       |
| `"testsPort"`      | `integer`      | `8889`                                 | The port number for the test site. You'll access the instance through the port: 'http://localhost:8889'.                         |
| `"config"`         | `Object`       | See below.                             | Mapping of wp-config.php constants to their desired values.                                                                      |
| `"mappings"`       | `Object`       | `"{}"`                                 | Mapping of WordPress directories to local directories to be mounted in the WordPress instance.                                   |
| `"mysqlPort"`      | `integer`      | `null` (randomly assigned)             | The MySQL port number to expose. The setting is only available in the `env.development` and `env.tests` objects.                 |

> | `"phpmyadminPort"` | `integer`      | `null`                                 | The phpMyAdmin port number to expose. If a non-null number is defined, phpMyAdmin will be exposed.                               |

Reviewer: I would phrase it more like the `port` option than the `mysqlPort`,  because the latter is sort of an advanced option (if you don't provide `mysqlPort`, nothing is exposed to the host, and you'd only provide a port if you have a specific need, e.g. using a local mysql client to connect). So:

```suggestion
| `"phpmyadminPort"` | `integer`      | `null`                                 | The port number for phpMyAdmin. If provided, you'll access phpMyAdmin through: http://localhost:<port>                           |
```

(I submitted this via GH, so I probably broke the alignment of the last `|` separator.

> | `"multisite"`      | `boolean`      | `false`                                | Whether to set up a multisite installation..                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"multisite"`      | `boolean`      | `false`                                | Whether to set up a multisite installation.                                                                                      |
```

}
```

> These can also be set via the environment variables `WP_ENV_PORT`, `WP_ENV_TESTS_PORT`, `WP_ENV_MYSQL_PORT`, `WP_ENV_TESTS_MYSQL_PORT`, `WP_ENV_PHPMYADMIN_PORT` and `WP_ENV_TESTS_PHPMYADMIN_PORT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can also be set via environment variables:
- `WP_ENV_PORT` to override the development environment's web server's port.
- `WP_ENV_TESTS_PORT` to override the testing environment's web server's port.
- phpMyAdmin is not enabled by default, but its port can also be overridden for the development and testing environments via `WP_ENV_PHPMYADMIN_PORT` and `WP_ENV_TESTS_PHPMYADMIN_PORT`, respectively.
- By default, MySQL aren't exposed to the host, which means no chance of port conflicts. But these can also be overridden for the development and testing environments via `WP_ENV_MYSQL_PORT` and `WP_ENV_TESTS_MYSQL_PORT`, respectively.
```
